# startups
---
Weclome, here is a list of all the startups I have built and hosted. These are passion projects I make, usually with plain HTML/CSS/JS or NextJS/React/Typescript/TailwindCSS. I've always wanted to create something and be able to attribute it to myself (unlike freelance web development for example), so this is my work over years from ~2024 (all these are react+vite or nextjs, I lost all the vanilla HTML projects).

[Fuelsite](https://fuelsite.netlify.app) - this is a web dev freelance project, but based off templates, really the least 'saas' of what I have built. Got some customers.
[EngageInbox](engageinbox.netlify.app) - a widget to try and 'gamify' email collection, mainly for shopify sites. First time working with embedding JS scripts into another website, found it easy to implement suprisingly, as well as auth headers and all. Had no idea how to market b2b so this didnt go far.
[StudyLeague](studyleague.netlify.app) - gamified studying specifically for GCSEs (England high school exams). I made a live '1v1' system, having to implement that was fun but tough. It used firebase realtime database to update the live state, not the best method but was what I thought of at the time. it had complex auth and also a free section and paid section. Also worked with ai apis and lots of JSON parsing. Managed to get 6000+ users off of tiktok, and i'm sure the auth still works so you can try outh the free section.
[Runix](runix.netlify.app) - an AI agent that autonomously posts like a person behind a brand account on twitter/X. I had been building a personal brand on there for a little bit and got this idea. Spent lots of time leanring how to read and utilise docs, from Twitters developer docs to other third party sources. this never really got off the ground but taught me lots about how serverside actions should be run and how to handle background activities with a server. i think i used Heroku to post in the background. Used it myself for a while but never released. great experience.
(World-Price](world-price.netlify.app) - A reactive pricing table maker that automatically shows local user prices. this was an issue i had, everything is in USD but I cant pay in USD. Spent more time working with script embeds, auth headers, and also serverside storage and retrieval safely.
[PainPoint.er](painpointer.netlify.app) - an open source scraper + database to help devs/entrepreneurs find ideas for their next startup, based on real user problems. First time dealing with ewb scraping and large data processing. Used Supabase and learnt lots of SQL. The actual scraping is done with python and I remember having to use JSON in python was a struggle for a little bit but I fixed it.
